Uniformly use dnets for goals with evars in all auto tactics (#14848)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/automatic-tactics/auto.rst

.. cmd:: Create HintDb @ident {? discriminated }

   Creates a new hint database named :n:`@ident`. The database is

>    implemented by a Discrimination Tree (DT) that serves as a filter to select
>    the lemmas that will be applied. When discriminated, the DT uses the
>    transparency information to decide if a constant should considered rigid for
>    filtering, making the retrieval more efficient. By contrast, undiscriminated
>    databases consider all constants to be transparent, resulting in a larger
>    number of selected lemmas to be applied, and thus putting more pressure on
>    unification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   implemented by a Discrimination Tree (DT) that serves as a filter to select
   the lemmas that will be considered. When `discriminated` is specified, the DT uses
   transparency information to decide if a constant should be considered rigid for
   filtering, making the retrieval more efficient. By contrast, undiscriminated
   databases treat all constants as transparent, resulting in a larger
   number of selected lemmas to be considered, thus requiring more compute time for
   unification.
```

"applied" suggests changing the proof state, but I think this just selects which hints to examine

I don't quite get what you mean by "rigid".  Something like it shouldn't be unfolded or processed at length.
Maybe define or use other words.

Author: > applied suggests changing the proof state

They will literally be `apply`-d so the statement is correct. This might fail though.

> I don't quite get what you mean by "rigid".

That's pretty standard lingo for unification, see e.g. the typeclass documentation.
